Business History and Owners:
Virgin Money is a financial services brand used by two independent brand-licensees worldwide from the Virgin Group. Virgin Money branded services are currently available in Australia and the United Kingdom. Virgin Money currently has operations in the United Kingdom, the company was initially established as a personal finance company under the name of Virgin Direct in 1995, and the Virgin Money brand itself was introduced in 2000. Virgin Money vastly increased its size and customer base in 2012 with the purchase of the so-called 'good bank' portion of the nationalised Northern Rock bank. In 2018, the entire UK operation of Virgin Money was sold to CYBG plc in a £1.7bn all-share deal which made the group the sixth-largest bank in the UK. On 31 October 2019 CYBG plc changed its name to Virgin Money UK plc.


Location:
You can find Virgin Money branches at https://uk.virginmoney.com/store-finder/. Our branches are easily accessible, and we also offer online & mobile banking services to cater to customers beyond our local area.

Frequently Asked Questions:

1. Question: What types of products do you offer at Virgin Money?

Answer: At Virgin Money, we pride ourselves on offering a wide variety of banking services and products like Current accounts, Credit cards, Mortgages, Savings, ISAs, Investments and Insurance. We also offer Private Banking facilities with a dedicated Private Manager that will look after your account.

2. Question: What are the different current accounts do you offer?

Answer: Here are some of the current account products that we offer: M Plus Account which comes with a linked saver account, Club M account, and M account. We also offer Private Current accounts and joint accounts as well.

3. Question: Can I open an account if I don't have proper documents or have a low credit score?

Answer: Absolutely, The M Account is our basic bank account. If you’re 16 or over and we’re unable to offer you one of our standard current accounts for any reason, this could be a good alternative. It’s our super straightforward current account and free to use. It’s also there for you if you've experienced financial difficulties or have a poor credit record. This might make it harder for you to be accepted for other bank accounts. If you're worried about this and would like some advice, give us a call to chat over your options.

4. Question: Can I get an overdraft facility with my account?

Answer: Yes, you can! We offer both Arranged as well as Unarranged Overdraft facility with some aggressive interest rates. You can simply use the Overdraft calculator and the Eligibilty checker on our website to find the right interest rates for your needs. Check out https://uk.virginmoney.com/current-accounts/pca/account-features/overdrafts/

5. Question: Can I open a Joint account?

Answer:  A joint bank account is sharing a current account with someone else. It can be a great way to manage your shared finances, savings and spending. This could be your partner, your roommate or maybe even an elderly relative. You'll share all the ins and outs of the account so choose wisely.

6. Question: Do you offer Insurance products along with current account?

Answer: Ofcourse! Our Club M Account is a step up from our award-winning M Plus Account - rated "Outstanding" by Moneyfacts® 2020/21. You'll get all the features and rewards from our M Plus Account, plus a rich package of insurance benefits. It comes with Worldwide family multi-trip travel insurance, Worldwide family mobile & gadget insurance and UK breakdown cover. Find out more on https://uk.virginmoney.com/current-accounts/club-m-account/

7. Question: What are the different savings accounts do you offer?

Answer: We have award winning range of interest-paying Savings products. If you are looking for a fixed return or flexible access, you can save in the most tax-efficient way in our Cash ISAs. If you want a more flexible way to save, pay money in & take money out whenever you want, Easy Access Savings account would be the best option for you.

8. Question: What is the interest rate on the Cash ISA products/accounts?

Answer: We are currently providing market-leading rates on our Cash ISA products. You can earn fixed Interest rate of 5.85% AER (Tax-free) on our 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive. While a variable Interest rate of 4.76% on our Easy Access Cash ISA Exclusive.

9. Question: How can I earn cashback or rewards?

Answer: Your Virgin Money Mobile Banking app’s new 'Discover' section is packed with Rewards. Start earning money when you spend with top brands. Sign up to cashback in our app. You can find terms and conditions related to rewards on https://uk.virginmoney.com/service/rewards/

10. Question: Could you suggest some personal loan options?

Answer: Certainly! Our existing customers can borrow £1,000 - £35,000 and repay over one to five years. Or, if you're borrowing £7,500 or more (and less than 50% of it is to pay back an existing loan) you may have the option to repay up to seven years. You can use our interest calculator at https://uk.virginmoney.com/personal-loans/ to check our rates, so you know exactly what to repay every month.

11. Question: What are the credit card products do you offer?

Answer: Whatever credit card you need, we've got a great pack to pick from. You simply need to pass our eligibility checker to see you qualify for our credit card product. We provide Balance Transfer Credit Cards, Money Transfer Credit Cards, All Round Credit Cards, Virgin Atlantic Credit Cards, Virgin Money Slyce Credit Card.

12. Question: What times are you open?

Answer: We are open Monday to Friday between 9:30am and 4pm, Saturdays between 9am and 2pm. We are closed on Sundays.